Document reasoning for library existing, caveat lack of global mocking (#17)
Lendable/clock: README.md

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/lendable/clock/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/lendable/clock)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/lendable/clock/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/lendable/clock)

Provides an object-oriented interface for retrieving the current time.

PHP of course provides `\DateTime`, `\DateTimeImmutable` and `\DateTimeInterface`. Why do we need a clock then? Why not just instantiate where required? 

We can obtain the current time with `$now = new \DateTime()` after all, why do we need a `Clock::now(): \DateTimeImmutable` style API to achieve this?

> 

Reviewer: I thought a bit about this after reading it yesterday. I was going to suggest something like

```By depending on this clock rather than PHP native time objects directly, you gain the ability to manipulate the flow of of time in your own code.```

here to make it clear that the idea is that this is a replacement for PHPs own interface, with the points you make below explaining why you would want to do so. WDYT?

> We can obtain the current time with `$now = new \DateTime()` after all, why do we need a `Clock::now(): \DateTimeImmutable` style API to achieve this?
> 
> * Underlying implementation can be swapped out to one more suitable for a test environment.

Author: ```suggestion
We can obtain the current time with `$now = new \DateTime()` after all, why do we need a `Clock::now(): \DateTimeImmutable` style API to obtain the current time?

Depending on a Clock rather than constructing native PHP time objects ad hoc means you can both reason and control time. 

* Underlying implementation can be swapped out to one more suitable for a test environment.
```
